[MM-57194]: Added note to copy secrets as they will not be visible again (#7416)
mattermost/docs: source/integrate/jira-interoperability.rst

  c. Once installed, select **Configure**. You're taken to the System Console.
  d. On the Jira configuration page, enable and configure Jira interoperability as follows, and then select **Save**:

>     .. tip::

Reviewer: Is this some kind of markdown? If not, rename it to Note:

>       Make sure to copy your new secret's now. You won't be able to see it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Make sure to copy your webhook secret if required as it will be visible only once.
```
